https://codepen.io/RandyRizo/pen/zYYEVBw

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is what gives HTML meaning. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used for marking content within a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute provides addtional information about a given element. It is always placed in the start tag and usually comes in a pair or values re: name=value
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tag is used for the title of a page, you can use it as many times as you feel fit, though their are h1-h6 tags that progressively decrease in font size for more appropriate subtitles. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
src and alt are image tags that have reuired attributes. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title of your web page. 
    7. What is an id? 
An ID is an atribute tag. It specifies a unique tag. Mostly used as a specific identifier for styling and JS.  
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
 it can be used with any HTML element. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
there is no limit. 
    10. What is a class? 
The HTML class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
inline elements. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use the same class on multiple sections in an HTML page if you desire a specific style to multiple sections. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="website" target="_blank">enter website again</a> 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
alt is an image tag that gives alternate information if the image cannot be loaded. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
to reference an id you would use "#"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
<section> marks up a section, <div> marks up a generic block with no associated semantics.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Cascading Style Sheet= CSS
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
To select an element, one would use an element selector. For example, all the h2's would be selected as: h2 {and styling would go within these brackets}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
to select a class in css, one would use "." followed by the class name. 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The parent child elector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. this would be useful with things like lists. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a href=.sidebar 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements. For example; the hover tag is a psuedo class selector for special effects. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
You would use "line-height" and then enter the correct spacing. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
One would use "letter spacing" and then enter the desired letter spacing value. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
One would use "text-transformation" and then the desired "capitals, lowercase, or capitalize"
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border: 1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
* <-- universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
you would use ls and then cd into the file name. 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Enter "ls"
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Enter "rm" and then the file name. This will permanently delete the file, it will not go into the trash bin. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Version control systems allow you to compare files, identify differences, and merge the changes if needed prior to committing any code. Versioning is also a great way to keep track of application builds by being able to identify which version is currently in development, QA, and production
    35. How often should I commit to github?
You should commit on feature basis, whenever something new is added. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
Student will add TL as a collaborator
Student then will Clone Repo
Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An inline element does not cause a line break (start on a new line) and does not take up the full width of a page, only the space bounded by its opening and closing tag. Where as a block element is a section of the page encompassed by all of it. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
In this situation I believe you would use flex grow. 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
Block: Nav, p, and div
display inline: span and img
inline block: .nav li (this would indicate and inline styling to a list.)
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
The box model is a box that exists around every element of HTML. It is what gives the page borders, margins, ect. 

TO fix this, i found the following advice. 

box-sizing: border-box includes padding and borders in an element’s width. So the .new-home CSS at the top of this post will now generate a square element with 20px of padding, 5px borders, and which all together is 100px by 100px.